The significants about data. it's a history.
Backward compatbility is about where we come from and how it was built in the first place. It's an appreciation of all the world can be reuse again.

When we have more advanced technology, skill and knowledge it can re-adopt to the old technology and run it see if does it run better than what it was before or was only just make certain things... easier (or lazier)

If you coming from a structured and well developed environment (language, habits, skills), there is something missing from the beginners. The unknown of all. And if you choosed a path to be an adoptor or a beginner. It's a choose that you can live with for a day(s) or years. But it doesn't matter, just keep doing. The path is endless. In local scope sometimes its determined but in larger scope no one controls everything (yet). All those domains, scopes and times are there to let you know its a vision that you have. but you have a belief or trust that you can be change/mainpulate or kept to change the path.

So it's better? with more data captures in many different way or is the core comes from knowing how to use those data and make easier chocies for us?
some choices are optimial which I think I am really interested. but some of them just explain and pure emotionally. the balance or not so balance is just a personal preferences.


The limiting factor. What limits there is a way. when the limit uplifted where does it end?
I think it might be faster more efficent (maybe). it might save some time might save some space. 

We built a lot, coventionalize a lot. but it doesn't captures the outliers. To explorer and discover the already discover might sound sily.
But as long if was once new. then maybe it was worth the time investgating, to try, to do.

Hopefully learn a lazier way to do the thing when retrying. maybe change a few parameters (but you should probably change only one parameter at a time).

and left no one behind.


If you don't heart feel that you have failed, wasted or a dreamer, you never realize that you have to do more; especially at the moment that you felt.
Listen to a song that you like in repeat then think, think the thing you are passionate about, think about the issue you can't resolve. Dream big why it didn't work elaborate on why, or how, then you might see some new insight. However, when you just got inspired by the profound changes, you might fail right on to other upstream details because you have so focused on the recent change. Change, it's like a prism it doesn't induce in one direction, it yields in infinite dimensions, for some you might not even have noticed.
One atom, current involves now, past and future, let alone all parallel universe of atoms around it. And to get a group out of atoms, start small with just three. And think about infinite of all parallel latter. Why prime or Fibonacci or fractal so interesting because they are unique in our knowledge domain. We can set up a different sequence without number or counting, then we are free.... maybe that's the universe of all. I know “I know nothing.”
If you ever felt not getting enough pay for what you do, think about opportunities. To learn is a price that you might not see at first. However, if you keep on investing, you might chase a goat. Maybe you will be rewarded in the end as the best of you that have achieved. Leaving that as the final note, then maybe you satisfied with now and the past.
What will you do in the future? Gain or lose in metrics within our knowledge is inevitable.

Letting go of what you possess is never easy; especially, if it gives you advantages or gratification, but heartfelt the moment from not having to have, but what if you didn't succeed? What will you do then, are you try to possess it again? What will do in the future if you can use the possession for the next step? Maybe other sabotaged the outlook, maybe other help you. If sabotaged you will have a new problem to solve, if someone helps you, you might be able to advance to next step. Either way, let yourself know in the end everything will be okay; because you just go back to where started off with, usually nothing, or only have the ambition for obtaining the next possession.
